[docs] Update Bun integration docs for first-party Aspire.Hosting.JavaScript support (#1354)
microsoft/aspire.dev: src/frontend/src/content/docs/integrations/frameworks/bun-apps.mdx

### Add Bun app

> Add a Bun application to your app host using the `AddBunApp` / `addBunApp` extension method:

Author: ```suggestion
Add a Bun application to your AppHost using the `AddBunApp` / `addBunApp` extension method:
```
